Adding bool for nonssl port (#39)
massdriver-cloud/azure-cache-redis: operator.mdx

* [Ruby](https://github.com/redis/redis-rb#ssltls-support)
* [Node.JS](https://github.com/redis/node-redis/blob/master/docs/client-configuration.md#tls)
### Non-SSL port disabled

> We disable the non-SSL port (6379) by default. The SSL port (6380) is open. You can enable the non-SSL port if you need to, but we recommend against it as it is less secure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The non-SSL port (6379) is disabled by default, which requires all connections to be on the SSL port (6380). Users can optionally enable the non-SSL port, but this is **not** recommend it as it will allow unencrypted communication with the Redis server, which poses a security risk.
```
